CSHARP-685: Add metrics to the driver (#465)
datastax/csharp-driver: doc/features/metrics/README.md

# Metrics

The driver exposes measurements of its internal behavior through an API composed by abstractions. The client application must provide an implementation of these abstractions (`IDriverMetricsProvider`) in order to enable metrics.

> DataStax offers an [Extension package] based on the [App.Metrics] library. Application developers can use [App.Metrics] to export metrics to a monitoring tool.

Reviewer: TIL that you can use the content of the link as the identifier.

Author: Oh I thought I learned that from reading your nodejs docs, maybe it was from the java driver manual I don't remember heh 😄

Here is an example of a session metric and a node metric without a bucket prefix and how their structure looks like:

| Bucket                            | Name                    | Metric                                 |
|-----------------------------------|-------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| `s0`                              | `connected-nodes`       | `SessionMetric.Gauges.ConnectedNodes`  |
| `s0.nodes.127_0_0_1:9042`         | `pool.open-connections` | `NodeMetric.Gauges.OpenConnections`    |

Here are the same examples but with a bucket prefix set in the `Builder`:

| Bucket                            | Name                    | Metric                                 |
|-----------------------------------|-------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| `prefix.s0`                       | `connected-nodes`       | `SessionMetric.Gauges.ConnectedNodes`  |
| `prefix.s0.nodes.127_0_0_1:9042`  | `pool.open-connections` | `NodeMetric.Gauges.OpenConnections`    |

## Configuration

> By default, if `Builder.WithMetrics` is not called by the client application, metrics are disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are disabled by default. To enable them, use `Builder.WithMetrics()` method when creating the session.
```

> If `Builder.WithMetrics(provider)` is called, the default metrics will be enabled. The default metrics are every metrics except those of type `Timer`. The reasoning behind this is the fact that enabling `Timer` metrics have the potential effect of reducing the throughput of the driver so it's recommended to benchmark the client application with `Timer` metrics enabled before enabling them in production.

Reviewer: We could use "When" instead of "If":

```suggestion
When `Builder.WithMetrics(provider)` is called, the default metrics will be enabled. The default metrics are composed of every metric except those of type `Timer`. The reasoning behind this is the fact that enabling `Timer` metrics might increase CPU usage and impact throughput of the driver, so it's recommended to benchmark the client application with `Timer` metrics enabled before enabling them in production.
```

// Enable default session metrics (same effect as not calling the method at all)
builder.WithMetrics(provider, new DriverMetricsOptions().SetEnabledSessionMetrics(SessionMetric.DefaultSessionMetrics));

// Enable default session metrics except "bytes-sent", using LINQ
builder.WithMetrics(provider, new DriverMetricsOptions()
    .SetEnabledSessionMetrics(SessionMetric.DefaultSessionMetrics.Except(new [] { SessionMetric.Meters.BytesSent })));

// Enable default session metrics and 'cql-requests' timer metric, using LINQ
builder.WithMetrics(provider, new DriverMetricsOptions()
    .SetEnabledSessionMetrics(SessionMetric.DefaultSessionMetrics.Union(new [] { SessionMetric.Timers.CqlRequests })));
```

`DriverMetricsOptions.SetBucketPrefix` can be used to specify a custom prefix to be added to the bucket name of every metric. See the [previous section](#Structure) for information about his.

The `provider` parameter must be an implementation of `IDriverMetricsProvider`. As was mentioned previouly, DataStax offers an [App.Metrics based implementation on a separate  extension nuget package].

## Retrieving metrics

> The driver's API for retrieving metrics is mostly an abstraction. The available methods on each metric type will depend on the provider that is plugged in to the driver.

Reviewer: We could recommend to use built-in reporters in the metrics provider to output metrics information (like Graphite/Grafana), noting that "additionally" we expose an API to retrieve it.

Author: done
